Add info about path to a macro on Debian (#1816)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.04/migrate/migrate-from-el-to-debian.md

apt install centreon-plugin-\*
```

> On Debian, the pugins directory is **/usr/lib/nagios/plugins/**. Go to **Configuration > Pollers > Resources** and check that the path to the **$USER1$** macro is **/usr/lib/nagios/plugins/**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Debian, the Nagios plugins directory (check_icmp, etc) is **/usr/lib/nagios/plugins/**. Go to **Configuration > Pollers > Resources** and check that the path to the **$USER1$** macro is **/usr/lib/nagios/plugins/**.
```
